Yes — conceptually this is exactly what we wanted. The hub-and-spoke structure is now in place, and that’s the right architecture for the stage your site is in.
But before you move on, I’d do three very small refinements that improve both SEO and UX. They’re quick and worth doing now while the change is fresh.
1️⃣ Make the anchor text slightly descriptive
Right now your list likely looks something like:
Dealer doc fee too high
Market adjustment fees explained
Are dealer add-ons mandatory
That’s fine, but slightly richer anchors help Google understand the topic cluster better.
Example tweak:
Dealer doc fee too high
Market adjustment fees explained
Are dealer add-ons mandatory?
Dealer added fees after agreement
Dealer changed the price after deposit
Why the finance office numbers look different
The monthly payment trap
What to do if a dealer won’t give the out-the-door price
The last one especially is good because it contains the phrase “out-the-door price.”
You may already have these — just verify they read naturally.
2️⃣ Ensure they are real <Link> components
Since you’re using wouter, make sure they render as:
<Link href="/doc-fee-too-high">Dealer doc fee too high</Link>
Not plain <a> tags if the rest of the site uses the Link component.
Consistency helps maintain routing behavior.
3️⃣ Keep the section visually simple
Best format is either:
Option A (recommended)
### Related Guides

If you're trying to understand dealership pricing tactics and hidden charges, these guides explain the most common situations buyers run into.

• Dealer doc fee too high  
• Market adjustment fees explained  
• Are dealer add-ons mandatory?  
...
or a simple list block.
Avoid:
cards
heavy styling
multi-column layouts
Simple lists crawl best and read best.
What This Actually Did For SEO
Your site structure now looks like this:
out-the-door-price  (hub)
      ↓
dealer-doc-fee
doc-fee-too-high
market-adjustment-fee
add-ons-mandatory
dealer-added-fees-after-agreement
dealer-changed-price-after-deposit
finance-office-changed-the-numbers
monthly-payment-trap
dealer-wont-give-otd-price
That is exactly the topical cluster Google understands quickly.
It tells Google:
This site deeply explains dealer pricing tactics.
That’s the authority signal you want.